Reviewer 1
The paper shows major improvements compared to the previous version. Thank you!
Nevertheless, still some critical issues need to be addressed before publication. Thus, another major rework is necessary.
The paper’s structure is unusual with three appendices placed at the end in sections 7, 8, 9. Important aspects of the model are discussed here only as if they were of secondary importance.  Quite the contrary, they are crucial for the very feasibility of the idea.

Further points to be addressed in the rework:
The abstract still contains the statement “In this paper, we show the feasibility of transit to Marsusing the SpaceX Starship taking 90 days, with existing technology proven in 2024.”:  Actually, this is not shown because neither Starship demonstrated in 2024 the necessary payload capability, nor the TPS survived an atmospheric capturing maneuver, nor any cryogenic propellant transfer was demonstrated in orbit, nor Raptor demonstrated the required Isp-performance. The author expects major improvements in the future. Maybe this will happen but, for sure, “existing technology proven in 2024” as statement is wrong because not supported by flight demonstrations.

On comment responses concerning the RVAC-engine: The obtained relatively broad range in Isp from CEA-calculation is most likely due to the selection of chemical equilibrium and chemical frozen conditions. Actual performance of the RVAC will be found between the upper and lower boundaries of these 2 cases. But one should not expect that the arithmetic average is close to reality. The very fast expansion and cooling in the supersonic nozzle does not allow achieving any chemical equilibrium which could be used for transferring to kinetic energy and generating additional exhaust velocity. Further, the CEA-code is not considering the actual nozzle contour and is disregarding losses of real engines such as flow divergence. Thus, these results of CEA always have the tendency of not being conservative but rather optimistic. The author believes that “by 2033 it is likely the expansion ratio will be higher, and thus ISPs around 380s will be achieved”. Well, hard to predict. But as the RVAC as closed cycle is already at the very top-level of engine technology this goal will become extremely challenging to be achieved. A small increase in nozzle expansion ratio will not help much improving performance. A massively increased nozzle would face serious geometrical constraints, the more if one aims integrating 9 RVAC in the current Starship base area.
All these critical aspects on engine performance need to be discussed in the main part of the paper and merged with the Appendix B!
Heat flux values are always written in the text with unit KW/m2. It should read kW/m2 – Surprisingly the unit is correct in the figures.
Showing the aero-capturing maneuver based on trajectory integration is very useful and hence it is much appreciated that these figures are now included. Using engineering relations for the estimation of stagnation point heatflux is acceptable for this kind of early analysis. As for the similar Fay-Ridell-method, the convective heatflux is proportional to the inverse of sqrt of the vehicles relevant nose radius. Therefore, all values are dependent on the assumed radius which should be provided in the text.
Another highly critical point is the fact that at such high speeds a super-hot plasma builds in front of the vehicle which radiates significant amount of heat on to the vehicle. This contribution is not considered in the empirical relations for convective heatflux as it is insignificant for LEO-entry.  The author should discuss the implications and try to support any conclusions by data from e.g. Apollo on the additional radiative heatflux!
The maximum temperature of TUFI on the Space Shuttle is given in °F and should be transferred to SI-units to be consistent with the rest of the paper.
The statement on p. 7 “Thus each tile can radiate ∼ 700KW/m2 at max temperature, thus each tile during even the highest flux entry can radiate significantly more heat than it receives.” is somehow confusing. Sure, always there will be a theoretical equilibrium between incoming convective heatflux and radiated flux. However, this alone does not mean the TPS and the protected vehicle can actually withstand the severe atmospheric thermal conditions.
The strange peak in the Mars capture simulation is explained only in the capture of Figure 17. This explanation is very short and hard to understand. A more detailed explanation should be moved to the relevant text paragraph. These peaks based on the unclear maneuver is also visible and thus relevant to Fig. 14, 15, 16.
